CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## Table of Contents
1. [About the Project](#about-the-project)
1. [Questions and Help](#questions-and-help)
1. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
1. [Useful Resources](#useful-resources)

# About the Project

The VSCode extension is written in TypeScript with C# being used for the language server and debug proxy.

Uses the **[Papyrus Debug Adapter](https://github.com/joelday/papyrus-debug-server) xSE plugin** for live debugging.

# Questions and Help

Do you have questions or need help? Please come visit the....

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/558746231665328139.svg?color=%23738ADB) Papyrus Language Tools Discord](https://discord.gg/E4dWujQ)

Even if you don't plan to contribute code, it would be good to hear how you are using the extension and get your feedback.

# Getting Started

## Building

First, you will need Windows with the following installed on your system:
- VSCode [Download and install](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- Node.js [Download and install](https://nodejs.org/)
- Git for Windows [Download and install](https://git-scm.com/download/win)
- One of the following:
    - Minimum: .NET Core 2.1 SDK [Download and install](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core)
    - Recommended: Microsoft Visual Studio 2019 [Download and install](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/)

Also, building from the shell will be much easier if you use a **Powershell** console because the main build script is written in PS, but if you have Visual Studio installed you should be able to build from the solution file.

### 1
First, clone the repository using git:
```
git clone https://github.com/joelday/papyrus-lang.git
cd papyrus-lang
```
### 2
Run the build script with default targets:
```
.\build.ps1
```
In the same directory, run this to update the script extender debug plugins (which are provided by a separate repo):
```
.\build.ps1 -Script build.cake -Target update-debug-plugin
```
### 3
Run VSCode to open the papyrus-lang as a folder. If this is still your current directory then just run:
```
code .
```
Hit **Ctrl-Shift-D** to open the Debug panel. At the top select **Launch (Build Extension Only)**.

Hit **F5** to build and launch the extension with debugging. After a little while you will see another VSCode window open. This is the Extension Development Host version of VSCode running the extension that was just built. Any changes you made to the code would be reflected in the debug/test install of the extension running in this window.

# Useful Resources

- See the [Project Wiki](https://github.com/joelday/papyrus-lang/wiki) 
- [The Typescript Programming Language Documentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/home.html)
- [VSCode Extension Anatomy](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/get-started/extension-anatomy)
- [Learn RxJS](https://www.learnrxjs.io/) (Reactive eXtensions for Javascript)
- [JavaScript Promises](https://javascript.info/async)
- The [Pro Git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/) book

Commit message:

Add more details about modules and patterns

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Table of Contents
1. [About the Project](#about-the-project)
1. [Questions and Help](#questions-and-help)
1. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
1. [Modules and Patterns](#modules-and-patterns)
1. [Useful Resources](#useful-resources)

# About the Project

The VSCode extension is written in TypeScript with C# being used for the language server and debug proxy.

Uses the **[Papyrus Debug Adapter](https://github.com/joelday/papyrus-debug-server) xSE plugin** for live debugging.

# Questions and Help

Do you have questions or need help? Please come visit the....

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/558746231665328139.svg?color=%23738ADB) Papyrus Language Tools Discord](https://discord.gg/E4dWujQ)

Even if you don't plan to contribute code, it would be good to hear how you are using the extension and get your feedback.

# Getting Started

## Building

First, you will need Windows with the following installed on your system:
- VSCode [Download and install](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- Node.js [Download and install](https://nodejs.org/)
- Git for Windows [Download and install](https://git-scm.com/download/win)
- One of the following:
    - Minimum: .NET Core 2.1 SDK [Download and install](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core)
    - Recommended: Microsoft Visual Studio 2019 [Download and install](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/)

Also, building from the shell will be much easier if you use a **Powershell** console because the main build script is written in PS, but if you have Visual Studio installed you should be able to build from the solution file.

### 1
First, clone the repository using git:
```
git clone https://github.com/joelday/papyrus-lang.git
cd papyrus-lang
```
### 2
Run the build script with default targets:
```
.\build.ps1
```
In the same directory, run this to update the script extender debug plugins (which are provided by a separate repo):
```
.\build.ps1 -Script build.cake -Target update-debug-plugin
```
### 3
Run VSCode to open the papyrus-lang as a folder. If this is still your current directory then just run:
```
code .
```
Hit **Ctrl-Shift-D** to open the Debug panel. At the top select **Launch (Build Extension Only)**.

Hit **F5** to build and launch the extension with debugging. After a little while you will see another VSCode window open. This is the Extension Development Host version of VSCode running the extension that was just built. Any changes you made to the code would be reflected in the debug/test install of the extension running in this window.

# Modules and Patterns

This is a brief set of links to more info on modules and patterns used in the code.

- [decoration-ioc](https://github.com/joelday/decoration-ioc) is why `InstantiationService` is used to instantiate singletons for services and command handlers. It makes it easy to add references to services in the constructor of a class. For example just put `@IExtensionConfigProvider infoProvider: IExtensionConfigProvider` in the argument list of a constructor and it will magically get called with a reference to the singleton.
- For a simple example of how to add a command, see `src\papyrus-lang-vscode\src\features\commands\ViewAssemblyCommand.ts`
- [rxjs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/rxjs) is used in many places for the reactive Observer/Observable asynchronous pattern.
- [async/await](https://javascript.info/async-await) is used frequently. If possible try to use async functions and `await` on them because this allows other things to happen while a function is executing.
- [deepmerge](https://www.npmjs.com/package/deepmerge) is used in some places.
- Otherwise most of the code is similar to other vscode extensions.

# Useful Resources

- See the [Project Wiki](https://github.com/joelday/papyrus-lang/wiki) 
- [The Typescript Programming Language Documentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/home.html)
- [VSCode Extension Anatomy](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/get-started/extension-anatomy)
- [Learn RxJS](https://www.learnrxjs.io/) (Reactive eXtensions for Javascript)
- [JavaScript Promises](https://javascript.info/async)
- The [Pro Git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/) book
